[Music]
welcome to serious spoilers
today i will share a movie based on true
story from 2002 titled
eight mile
spoilers ahead
watch and enjoy the movie opens with
jimmy rabbit smith jr in the restroom of
a pretty seedy looking place
there is music playing he's wearing a
pair of headphones and looking pretty
green
he appears to be mouthing the words of
whatever he's listening to and he's
making a lot of gestures we've come to
expect from people rapping all of a
sudden he rushes to a toilet and vomits
after he recovers he takes off his
headphones and we hear different music
playing
it's pretty obvious he's in a club
he leaves and tries to get backstage but
the doorman won't let him in
then future inner seeds and rabbit is
allowed in
future and rabbit hook up with their pal
saul who seems obsessed with prostitutes
cheddar bob a rather dull wooded white
guy and dj a somewhat militant
intellectual who it is insinuated is gay
apparently these guys are a rap group
but rabbit is frequently solo here
strangely enough the five guys walk back
out the door rabbit just fought to enter
so that rabbit can walk to a dumpster to
retrieve his garbage bag suitcase
it appears that rabbit's girl just broke
up with him she claims she's pregnant so
he let her keep the apartment and the
car
the friend seemed to doubt the veracity
of the pregnancy but rabbit shrugs it
off
rabbit pulls a clean shirt from his bag
to replace the one he vomited on and
their return to the club the shelter
rabbit's pals are teasing him about his
nervousness which arises from the rap
battle he is about to face
future is the emcee of the shelter and
after a brief scene with the two
contestants before rabbits round
including papadoc the current champ
future hypes up rabbit to the audience
before he comes out to face his opponent
the opponent goes first and does a
fairly decent 45 seconds the time limit
for each in the battle and rabbit is
given the mic
he takes mumbles a couple of words that
sound something like yo and basically
stares terrified at the audience
at this point the only two white people
observed are cheddar bob and rabbit and
there is quite a bit of hostility for
many of the people rabbit encounters
here not surprisingly the crowd delights
and rabbits choke
rabbits friends try to encourage him but
he just shrugs it off and heads away
after a montage of rabbits journey
through a horribly depressing area of
detroit he arrives at an equally
depressing looking trailer park and uses
his key to let himself into one
here we see the mom and her boy toy are
making out on the couch and rabbit
interrupted
he backs out and later mom comes out and
is simultaneously apologizing gives him
a beer and ticked off at him for not
calling or knocking
he did call but the phone was
disconnected
boytoy comes out and it's a guy rabbit
went to high school with
apparently greg is about to come into
some money but meantime he's sponging
off of mom
after they rag him about getting fired
from little caesars and the fact that he
now works in a plant greg hits a sore
spot for rabbit who throws the beer
bottle at him
mom tells rabbit he can stay but he's
got to play nice to greg
later rabbit sings to his little sister
in a scene where it's obvious lily is
his pride and joy
later mom and rabbit are talking in the
kitchen catching up and he asks her for
a ride to work the next morning
she gives him the keys to her car and
tells him it's an early birthday present
the next morning rabbit tries to start
the car and it's pretty much dead
saul sympathizes but can't offer a ride
because his mom has his car
rabbit takes the bus is late to his job
and his boss tells him if he screws up
again he's fired
rabbit responds by first saying it's not
his fault and then asking for extra
shifts
yeah the boss laughs
at this point alex walks up to them and
asks for somebody who works there rabbit
offers to show her but boss cuts him off
and sends him packing
rabbit watches them walk off and it's
pretty obvious he's got the hots for
alex
that evening rabbit and his pals hook up
and party at a club several people
comment about the choke the evening
before
alex is at the club and rabbit is half
paying attention to his friends and
mostly watching alex dance with her girl
pal
during the talk it appears that a local
entrepreneur is offering to get rabbit a
free demo
he is also helping alex get a book
together for her to get a modeling
contract
rabbit and alex meet up outside the club
and talk a bit
alex is attracted to rabbit's potential
as a star more than to rabbit himself
his friends and her friend join them and
they go to saul and dj's house their
brothers
after more than a few drinks they decide
to burn down a local abandoned house
where a little girl was raped and
murdered
the guys convinced rabbit by pointing
out it could have been lily rabbit at
work the next day on time but pretty
distracted he and a co-worker are
grumbling and talking not really paying
attention
on his break his ex-girlfriend shows up
giving him a hard time about ditching
her
he promises her it wasn't her but him
she rags him about his loser life and
choking at the battle and they argue a
bit
all through this rabbit keeps trying to
get her to leave fearing this will be
the last screw-up for his boss after she
leaves a boss is there gives him a hard
time but when rabbit stops himself from
saying it's not his fault the boss lets
it go
later rabbit hooks up with his friends
and they are driving around detroit
listening to music and bagging on each
other they pass a parking lot where
papadoc slick and their gang of friends
are hanging out they join these guys who
are rapping and rabbit joins in the
wrapping he's teased then harassed by a
lot by papadoc's friends who's trying to
play peacemaker and get rabbit to do the
free demo hoping to cash in when rabbit
gets his deal
things get pretty tense but not out of
hand
the next day at work rabbit is out in
the lunch truck area listening to a
female co-worker rap about her life
she's interrupted by a pretty scummy
male co-worker who raps about her being
lazy and whiny then moves on to other
co-workers including the pretty sharp
dressed gay dude
rabbit steps up and wraps the guy into
his place defending the gay guy dissing
the other guy and defending the woman
before letting her finish up the wrap
alex who happens to be there watches
rabbit goes up and asks her out she
one-ups him asking him to take her
somewhere now
he pulls her into the plant which is
mostly deserted during lunch
they have sex
greg informs rabbit that despite mom's
attempts to prevent greg from finding
out greg knows mom is about to be
evicted
he beats up mom rabbit gets furious that
greg is physically abusing his mother
and verbally abusing rabbit there is a
pretty violent scene where rabbit
eventually tosses greg out then is
pretty bothered to realize that lily
watched the whole thing
at some point later mom is drunk on the
front porch
rabbit helps her in the house mom tells
him that greg got his check and dumped
her
mom lames this all on rabbit and tells
him to get the hell out while muttering
that she's got to go to bingo
rabbit takes lily to a neighbor and
heads out for a while
rabbit decides to take slick up on the
demo offer it appears he ditches work
for this going to the local radio
station where he's supposed to meet with
the up-and-coming rap star who's going
to help him to get the free demo
rabbit first observes the rapper during
his radio interview then notices alex
and the slick getting it on in the next
room
he rushes in and beats slick to a bloody
pulp
there's a window in the wall between the
two rooms but the rapper and the
interviewer are completely oblivious to
the whole thing
obviously the demo idea is history
rabbit goes home gets lily from the
neighbor and heads home
as they are walking into the yard slick
and his friends drive up
rabbit sends lily into the house telling
her to lock the door and gets beat to a
bloody pulp by the entire group while
lily watches
after he's cleaned himself up mom comes
home sober and carrying a bag of
groceries
she's all happy and forgiving because
they're not getting evicted after all
she wanted bingo
rabbit and mom have a fairly civil
conversation considering the previous
events and he tells her he's going to
pay for the demo on his own by working
double shifts
the next day the day before the next
scheduled rap battle rabbit and his
friends are hanging out and rabbit
discovers that future signed him up for
another battle without rabbit's
permission
rabbit and future have a blowout
the day of the battle rabbit is at work
but before the battle is supposed to
start he gets the gay guy to cover for
him for a few hours
he shows up makes up with future and has
another bathroom scene but this time he
doesn't vomit the guys all rally around
him encouraging him
he faces off against two guys winning
against both both times going second and
really responding well to their raps
against him and ending up in the finals
against papadoc
papadoc chooses to let rabbit go first
and he does
knowing that papadoc is going to bring
up all the humiliating things that have
happened rabbit raps about all that
acknowledging his faults and
humiliations first and then ups that to
humiliate papadoc
papadoc then chokes and rabbit wins
afterward everyone is really hyped about
the win but rabbit knowing if he's going
to do the demo himself he's got to earn
the money goes back to work
we see him walking away as lose yourself
is played
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler